Alex: All right. We are ready. So... Like, I'm really, you know, like, like, in the last, uh, month or so, like going, you know, deep into AI agents.
Justin: Mm hmm.
Alex: Uh, anything, uh, where, because this is where everything is going, obviously, like, uh, this is going fast, and if we don't jump on it right now, like, we're gonna be so behind.
Justin: Absolutely.
Alex: Like, for example, any kind of searches online, already now, 60% of searches, I'm going to GEO.
Justin: Go to, yeah.
Alex: Yeah, to all the AI searches. And there's like a bunch of them. I hired somebody Israeli company that do, they build agents to, to basically, you know, to search a bunch of keyboards that are related to our business, to see where AI searches pulling information from, and then they go there and post articles, backlinks.
Justin: Perfect.
Alex: It's basically the same as standard, you know, classic SEO. Just now it's for... Made for... Generative engines.
Justin: Yeah.
Alex: It's very easy, easily manipulated. Crazy. I found, like, a company that, like, we compete with all the time, International Van Lines. They 1.5 star on the Yelp. 1,600 reviews, okay? Scammers, bad fucking company, brokers, they sell fucking jobs, because they're everywhere, they manipulate the fucking Google and manipulate AI platforms. They sell jobs, they, you know, subcontract to, like, bad companies, fuck clients up, but they are recommended by Forbes. They're recommended by Grok, the best company with the best reviews.
Justin: Is it actually recommended by Forbes, or is it fake?
Alex: Fake. They pay.
Justin: That's what I'm saying. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Alex: Manipulated. Yeah. They pay money because they look so bad on Yelp. They have to do so much more outside of Yelp, PR, yeah. So it's all manipulated. So I've got this company, they started working, like, yesterday.
Justin: Okay.
Alex: Israeli company, he built AI agents, connects to our website. He does all those searches on AI platforms, then creates automatically pages on the website.
Justin: Mm hmm.
Alex: With dedicated content that applies to those.
Justin: So, like, pulls up on the search engines for AI.
Alex: Exactly. Yes. So basically, like, an everyday AI works on finding this new stuff, creating pages, content, like, let's see how it works.
Justin: It sounds really good. Mm hmm. That's basically what the recommendation was to get the websites ready for GEO.
Alex: That's perfect. It's good stuff. Yeah, now, all this stuff that you're sending me, I'm forwarding it to...
Justin: Perfect.
Alex: I have two developers.
Justin: Mm hmm.
Alex: And one guy who is supervising them, I will connect you to the team as well.
Justin: Perfect, perfect. Thank you.
Alex: What I would like for you to do is, like, I've been looking for a long time, and, like, probably God, you know, made this happen. I've been looking for a long time, someone technical like you, who is very interested in what I'm interested in.
Justin: So interested.
Alex: I say, like, fucking, let's get this office over there. Let's, you know, get you a nice computer.
Justin: Yep, yep.
Alex: I'm gonna work out on some transportation for you. Come in here, do sales, but also do... stuff on the side, okay? I'll pay you, like, some kind of, like, a flat fee for helping with creating bullshit.
Justin: Yes, yes.
Alex: Because it's unlimited.
Justin: Yeah, yeah.
Alex: Okay? We'll get whatever tokens we need, whatever, you know, like subscriptions that we need and create, you know, like get some shit going. Get your social media platforms automatically posting on every one of the clients, or every one of the companies.
Justin: Do you have social medias for all of the companies? I've only seen Cross Country.
Alex: We have a few. Okay, we need every one of them. We have to create.
Justin: Yes, yes, yes.
Alex: We need to create content for them, even if it's basic, you know.
Justin: Just to show people we're live.
Alex: Correct. Even if it's the same thing, post it every day. It doesn't matter as long as it's really fucking nice.
Justin: Right. And AI can do it, too.
Alex: Yes, absolutely. Give it a logo, we give it a couple pictures, they can create bullshit. We created an agent, one for writing the script, one for creating the video from the script, and then one for writing the description, and then one just to post all of it after it's done. So it's like, you know, four or five different agents that we do, specific tasks, and then all works together. And it'll happen like this, uh, until we say stop, or if we want to, we can have a folder access, then we can put a picture into the folder, and then it'll take that picture and use it as part of the post, put it all right there. We can also, like, It's all very easy. We can go on a move one day.
Justin: Yes, sir.
Alex: Give them T-shirts, take a bunch of photos, and...
Justin: Promotion, absolutely.
Alex: Give it to AI and, like, play with it.
Justin: Mm hmm. Mm hmm.
Alex: So, like, we can do a bunch of stuff, that's what we're doing. And all of your old photos too. I have, like, I have, uh... I mean, I have t-shirts for every brand.
Justin: Yes, sir.
Alex: I take it on a move, I give it to the guys, take some photos, and...
Justin: Perfect. So, I... And then you still have access to all the old photos that we took back then?
Alex: Yeah. So I can also use those and put it into the system. And give it some. That's, like, one thing... Second, like, we can also use, uh, use AI to help salespeople, like, call people right away.
Justin: Absolutely. They respond to emails immediately.
Alex: Exactly. Correct? So basically, like, we need to add... We need to add AI to every step of, you know, our business.
Justin: Absolutely.
Alex: We have leads coming in. I hear, like, voicemails answering. I see, you know, people not picking up. I see people calling, like, once or twice a day instead of, like, you know, like, there's a lot of things we can do.
Justin: Absolutely. You know, I completely agree. There's so many aspects about your company that can be automated and ran.
Alex: Yeah. Cool. So we're gonna get to work on this. But first thing, like, set up your, set up your desk over there.
Justin: Yep, yep.
Alex: And... Daily processes.
Justin: Excellent.
Alex: I mean, just, you know, brainstorm, like, all the time, like, you know, it's fucking, like, every day I get, like, you know...
Justin: An idea.
Alex: Yeah. Yeah, the point is that, you know, talking about it, and brainstorming is one thing, executing is something else.
Justin: Completely, yeah.
Alex: Yeah, I hired this guy in Serbia, yeah, I bought him, like, Mac mini.
Justin: Mm hmm.
Alex: Like a week ago.
Justin: Cool.
Alex: He's like, I'm gonna set it up. He's gonna do, he's setting it up for WordPress, all our websites, are WordPress. WordPress created this new fucking plug-in that AI is basically controlling everything on board. So, setting it up, so, like, every day, we have new content, new pages, new keywords, like, everything is gonna, and it's all GEO.
Justin: Perfect.
Alex: That's the whole focus.
Justin: Mm hmm.
Alex: So, uh, when people search for us, just like we used to be on Yelp?
Justin: Mm hmm.
Alex: You know, first page domination, which we are no longer. That's why fucking business is like trash?
Justin: Yeah, yeah.
Alex: So we're going, you know, to other fields. I think this is the move. I also think, like, you know, the marketing was Google AdWords. Then it was Google Organic SEO, then it was Yelp. Then it was the last five, 10 years it was social, Instagram, Facebook, blah, blah. It's all going to.
Justin: So it's phasing.
Alex: It's all going to generative.
Justin: Correct.
Alex: It's all going to AI platforms, and I think while they are still stupid right now, and they giving you, like, wrong results. Within the next?
Justin: We know it's gonna be smart.
Alex: Yeah. Even faster within the next three months, it's gonna get so much better. Um, uh, I was gonna fucking think of something. Because, like, the difference between those different platforms, it's gonna be, who is the, who is the, who is giving you the true information?
Justin: Correct.
Alex: Versus fake, manipulated, and bullshit. So whoever is the best one is gonna win.
Justin: Mm hmm.
Alex: Because if you go today and you search, like, you know, whatever, like, political topics, and you ask questions, and it's, like, influenced by lefties or righties. Whichever platform is the biased one that giving you the true information is gonna win.
Justin: Yep, yep, yep. Absolutely.
Alex: And we need to be everywhere.
Justin: Absolutely.
Alex: So, yeah, I think the best main, main marketing topics right now, I think would be, we definitely need to continue social media for all of them, 'cause it's, it's so huge. Reviews, I mean, obviously, real people reviews.
Justin: Mm hmm.
Alex: Like, that's number one. Because when people write, and I'm working on it, it's really hard to get reviews, like, super hard. We have 100 locations on Google, right? We have Google locations for every brand, a lot of them. We don't really have access to them, but they are alive. When you search, we get a lot of our business. But the reviews, we need, like, steady flow reviews.
Justin: So, do we have a department that contacts every client that's moved with us and discusses review?
Alex: No.
Justin: We can make an automated agent for that.
Alex: Perfect. Not a problem. Maybe that's still the number one.
Justin: Got it.
Alex: Because those locations, yeah. The problem is, like, you know, like, it needs to be done by, we cannot ask people to post a review without knowing 100% they're satisfied.
Justin: Of course, yeah.
Alex: So first, it says. You know, how was it? How was your move? We do send text messages to clients from our system, and the system shows who is happy, who is not.
Justin: Perfect.
Alex: And then we can connect agent to them and send them, Yo, post a review. We'll send you $15 gift card to Amazon.
Justin: And even give him a questionnaire, like, a move, service, one out of five for, you know, professionalism.
Alex: Okay, perfect, perfect, yeah. So they replied to those already. It's in the Ultimate Movers on the feedbacks. But that's, like, we need that. Definitely needs to happen for every time for a client that says it's a good move.
Justin: Yeah.
Alex: Yeah, this, I mean, reviews, like, I'm trying to get my kids, you know, like, in colleges to ask people around, like, they do that. I pay kids, $15 for each review. They get me like 10, 20 from real people, right?
Justin: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Alex: But like we need more...
Justin: You doing, uh, Google reviews, as well.
Alex: Just Google. Just Google.
Justin: Cool, cool, cool. I figured you'd stop doing it at the Yelp.
Alex: Yeah. Yeah, all good good. Like, we have, you know, reviews. It's not a lot, but, like, it's all right. And, like, it's super hard to have a Yelp review that sticks.
Justin: It's still the same, yeah.
Alex: Yeah, yeah. Same thing. Okay. Plus, the Yelp is, like, eventually...
Justin: It's phasing out.
Alex: Phasing out. Mm hmm. Well, right now, I mean, I advertise there, and, like, forget it, or I put, like, $10,000, you get fucking, like, 10, 10, 10 fucking calls. Bullshit. Not even working. They rip the shit out of you.
Justin: Mm hmm. Rip the shit out of you.
Alex: Yeah, fuck that.
Justin: Yeah.
Alex: All right, let's get to work.
Justin: Yeah.
Alex: So, like, make a plan.
Justin: Yeah.
Alex: Set up your main thing, set up your desk over there. If you need a desktop computer, just tell me what you need. Like, we'll get it going.
Justin: Yeah. Okay. Absolutely.
Alex: But the main thing is just, like, I mean, do sales, and as you sit, just fucking brainstorm.
Justin: Nope, I got you. What subscription do we need, like, right now to... Um, so for my work account, uh, I could use...
Alex: I have a Claude for the business.
Justin: I'll use yours. That's fine.
Alex: I'm gonna add you as a...
Justin: Perfect.
Alex: As a user. Okay?
Justin: Yep, yep.
Alex: 'Cause Pavel has it, I have it in my, you know, the developers in Serbia have it.
Justin: They're using what I'm coding.
Alex: Yeah. Yeah. I'm also gonna add you to the group of the developers.
Justin: Yep, yep.
Alex: Like, just like you sent me today, you send it to them. He, uh, the guy in Canada. Like, he reads it, he confirms that it's, you know, it's something that we need, and then he's posting it on Asana, for the two developers to...
Justin: To work on, task, boom, boom, boom, they get it done.
Alex: Excellent. Yeah. Yeah. And then, you know, slowly, like, I'll get you into, like, the little parts of the business, so, like, you...
Justin: have more of an understanding.
Alex: But the downline goal is for you to, just, like, remember, when you worked in Charlie's office?
Justin: Yeah, absolutely.
Alex: Isn't it amazing how the circle goes?
Justin: Yeah. That's crazy.
Alex: What did you do in Charlie's office?
Justin: Oh, man, everything.
Alex: I know, but computers, right?
Justin: Computers, huh? Networking, connecting, printers, bullshit.
Alex: Yeah. You like even the whole circle, and you...
Justin: I didn't feel like I was really, you know, used or appreciated for my knowledge at the end of, you know, when I... Fuck, I'm so happy right now that you want me for my brain, man.
Alex: Yeah.
Justin: It really brings me a lot of joy.
Alex: And you don't understand how I feel, too, because I'm like, like, I really love this shit, and, like, you're the perfect person for it, and, like, I have no idea. And it just happened. I'm so involved. In the last year, that's all I've been doing, every day, my social media is just constantly flooded with AI news.
Justin: I know, I see it, like, just from, like, a few conversations with you, I'm like, wow, I'm on it.
Alex: I love it. And I also, like, I want to do it myself, too, because, like, you know, you gotta, like,
Justin: use the time, yeah.
Alex: You need to know what it does. Like, if you don't, like, you know, you can have other people, like, do it for you, because you gotta be involved in this. Otherwise, we're gonna be fucking, like, my, like, my parents using cell phones.
Justin: It's true. true, yeah.
Alex: So I'm like trying to teach my kids to, you know, like to fucking, whatever you do, any idea? Go and chat with GPT.
Justin: Mm hmm.
Alex: You know? All you need right now is a fucking idea, because eventually it's gonna do it for you.
Justin: I use Manus way more than I use ChatGPT, apparently.
Alex: Yeah. It's the reasoning... If you want me to get subscription, then I will.
Justin: Yeah, yeah, eventually, I have... I spent the $80 with me, so I got, like, 12,000 credits left. So whenever you need to just, um... we'll do something else.
Alex: Awesome.
Justin: Thank you.
Alex: Welcome to the team, Barak.
Justin: What? How are you?
Alex: Everything is just timing.
